In this file, there are instructions on how to recreate each part of Rewired Bionics' Waver Fin prosthetic attachment. Of these parts, the most likely to break is the body, and it is also the simplest to remake. It is recommended to save the spine if the body breaks and reuse that. If the Waver Fin breaks, it is not suggested to remake the shell. It is still fully functional without it, though it is more fragile without. The shell can be costly to remake, and requires specialized tools. If the spine breaks somehow, it is not suggested to personally remake it, as the tools required to make it can be dangerous  without prior training. Any further inquiries can be sent to loffenbe@asu.edu, jburdorf@asu.edu, or claypete45@gmail.com.

Manufacturing Process of Attachment:
  **In order to make a new body:** 
    To make a new body, PETG filament is required. The required tools are a 3D printer capable of printing the PETG filament with a printing area of at least 7"x7"x10" (A Prusa i3 MK3 was originally used), as well as a drill with a 1/2" bit.
    To make the new body, download the file labeled "Waver Fin Body.STL" and run it through a slicer. A slicer is a program designed to make STL files readable by 3D printers, and should be included with any 3D printer. They are all different and will likely require some researching on how to use them, but the details that should be used regardless are as follows: Use **100% infill**. This will prevent any water from being trapped in the body and molding. Print the Waver Fin **vertically**, such that the spine hole runs directly up and down. This is not technically required, but it will make the whole thing easier to clean up, and ensure it can survive the same forces it was tested for. Any sort of support material is fine, and should not affect the final stability of the Waver Fin, though tree support was what was used originally, and is generally fairly painless. Those are the only major settings to use, and it should be ready to print. The printing itself will take several hours. **Be sure to follow the temperature and printing instructions on the PETG filament**. 
    After it is done printing, remove the support material from it. This is usually as simple as snapping it off, though sometimes a decent amount of force is needed. Feel free to use pliers or any other sort of tools to speed it along. You may also want to use some sandpaper to get rid of risidual sharp edges from the supports. After you are satisfied, use the drill and bit to excavate the spine cavity of the body. 3D printers are never completely accurate, so this will likely be necessary. Make sure to keep the drill level whil doing this, and stay on the path.
    The final step is now to put the spine back in the body. To do this, unscrew the adaptor. Place the body in a vice grip, tightening on the crossbar of the Waver Fin. Using a rubber mallet, gently hammer the spine down into the cavity until the top of the screw is level with the top of the body. Place a 2" washer with a 1/2" bore on the end of the fin, then rescrew an adaptor back on, torquing it into place.
    
  **In order to make a new shell:**
    To make a new shell, two sheets of kydex large enoough to cover the body, as well as a new body and more filament is required. Also required is a vacuum former with the same dimensions as the kydex sheets (A Formech 686 was originally used), a 3D printer, and a heat gun.
    To make a new shell, first follow the directions to make a new body. Unscrew the adaptor and remove the washer. Download the two files labeled "Waver Fin Negative Left.STL" and "Waver Fin Negative Right.STL", then use a 3D printer to fabricate them, using 100% infill. PETG filament is recommended, but filaments like PLA or ASA could also work. Print flat on the its back. No supports will be necessary. Using sandpaper, clean the finished Left Negative so that the body fits on it. Place the combined Left Negative and Body in the vacuum former, preferably with a grate on the bottom to allow for air flow. Following the directions on the kydex sheets, set the temperature settings on the vacuum former. Allow the vacuum former to preheat. Clamp the kydex into place, then begin heating it. It should be smooth, gummy and a little saggy, with a bit of bounce to it when it is ready to form. Following the vacuum former directions, form over the Waver Fin. It should be a fairly tight form. Allow it to cool a bit, but still remove the *negative* portion with some haste, **leaving the body in the shell**. Trim the excess kydex away once fully cooled, leaving some to fold over the body. Fold this over using a heat gun. Using sandpaper, clean the Right Negative until it can fit on the combined half shell and body. Once again place this in the vacuum former, and form over it, the same as before. Follow the same steps, removing the negative, trimming, and folding over. Try to get a tight seal. Remove enough material around the end of the fin so that the adaptor can screw on. Place the washer on and torque on the adaptor.
    
  **In order to make a new spine:**
    It is highly recommended to get this done by a metal shop, as a lathe is required and they are highly dangerous, even for trained craftmen. The schematics for it are in the file labeled "Custom bolt shaft Drawing v2.pdf." Required for this is an aluminum bar 8.625" long with a 1/2" diameter. Also required is a socket cap screw with 3/8"-16 threads, and a length of 3/4", as well as some thread lock. 
    On one end of the bar, turn 1/2"-20 UNF-2A threads with a depth of 3/4". On the other end, bore out a hole with a depth of 3/4" and a diameter of 3/8", and turn 3/8"-16 UNC-1B threads on the inside of the hole. Screw the scocket cap screw on, using thread lock. 
